Welcome to the Ocean Studio of the Yahowah
Blog.
It is always a pleasure to broadcast from
this perch high above the Caribbean Sea.
We are in the U.S.
Virgin Islands and it is a great joy
to be able to live here in paradise
and share God's message around the world.
Typically, when we're in our ocean studio,
as you know, we focus on the Mizmowr,
which would be the songs of our beloved
King David, who is also our savior.
He is the one who fulfilled Passover in
thirty three C.E.
in his second of three lives.
He is the Messiah,
the former and returning king and the son
of God, the chosen one.
In this particular program,
we're going to pick up where we left
off last time,
which was in the twenty ninth chapter of
the body,
because it had a great deal to say
about what's important for us to know.
About the religiosity of the world today
and why that is so counter to what
Yahowah intends for us.
So as we continue, we read their purpose.
was negated because no one exists among
you at this time,
not a single man or woman,
no group of people or tribe whose
reasoning or inclinations are found
directed towards the presence or the
appearance of Yahowah our God.
Can you imagine?
This is Dowd speaking to them.
Yahowah's using Dowd's mouth as if it were
his own.
And he's telling the hundreds of thousands
of Israelites that there isn't a single
one of them that's worth anything to them.
Their original purpose is thwarted.
They no longer have any purpose.
He's given up on them.
It should be devastating to you if you're
a
And that's really the story of the entire
exodus of the Israelites acting so
belligerently,
so antagonistically towards God that God
says, you know,
you don't serve a purpose anymore.
I don't want anything to do with you.
You told me to shut up and go
away.
You never wanted to hear from me or
see me again.
And quite frankly, it's mutual.
So you don't serve a purpose anymore.
There's nothing about you that is
redeeming.
Amazing statement.
Their purpose was negated because there
wasn't a single one of you who exists
at this time.
Not a man, not a woman,
not a group, not a tribe.
No one whose reasoning or inclinations are
found directed towards the presence or the
appearance of Yahowah, our God.
In.
Seven hundred.
Ish BCE.
Between seven hundred and seven.
Fifty BCE.
About seven hundred years after this.
Yahowah.
Spoke through the prophet.
And he said exactly the same thing.
Which means over that seven hundred years.
There was virtually no one that.
was of any value to God,
any value to themselves,
any value to the message of the Torah.
They were all religious.
They were political.
God said, you know, I've looked.
And he told Yasha'yah,
spoke through Yasha'yah, said, you know,
I've searched the planet.
There isn't a single person that I have
found through whom I can speak.
That really is the summation of where we
find ourselves because
Over the last twenty-five hundred years in
particular,
since Malachi was the last of the
prophets,
God had not found anyone willing to listen
to him and convey his message.
And whether you are among those who
recognize that God finally found someone,
And that he spoke of this individual that
he would communicate his message through
at long last,
beginning in the Torah and speaking of him
throughout the prophets with upwards of a
thousand references to him by different
titles and names.
uh or not whether you know that is
something that is meaningful to you that
god took the time to say I'm going
to collaborate with this individual and
we're going to restore my name we're going
to restore the accomplishments of Dowd my
beloved son I'm going to through him
explain the
Conditions and the benefits of the
covenant.
I will explain the purpose of the Mow'ed
Miqraey.
I will delineate my timeline so that you
know where you are on it.
And a thousand other things that are of
value.
That's what he did.
At long last,
he found someone willing to listen to him.
It didn't take anything more than a desire
to hear what he had to say and
a willingness to do as he asked.
And if you don't think that God chose
someone,
that there really is no Nakar or Nakry,
no Choder, no final Zarowa,
no man from Edom, no Obed-Edom,
no Bashar-Herald.
No individual known as Yada.
That's your choosing.
But where else would you have been
reintroduced to Yahowah's name?
Where else would you have known any of
these things?
Where would you have known that the number
one topic throughout the Torah is God's
animosity towards religion?
Where would you have known that there was
no Jesus?
That there is no Allah,
that there is no Hashem.
There is no validity to the New Testament,
to the Talmud or the Quran.
Where else would you have heard that?
They are going after, he's saying,
speaking of the children of Israel,
approaching,
worshiping and serving the gods of the
Gentile nations.
When God tells Israel that he does not
want them following after the ways of the
Gentiles,
he's not bothered in the least by their
ethnicity.
Gentile or a Israelite can both be
included in the covenant.
There's one Torah for the both.
God has absolutely no racist tendencies in
this regard.
His issue is that
the goyim,
the non-Yisraelites had a long history of
being exceedingly religious and
integrating religion and politics so that
the king was a representative of God on
earth, if not calling himself God.
And their religions and their politics,
their militarism,
their caste economic system was deplorable
to God.
And so his concern was don't do those
things
You can hang with the Gentiles.
You can have friends who are Gentiles.
You can have fellow covenant members that
are Gentiles.
Just don't be religious like they are.
And of course,
it was the Jews of all people who
created the two most popular Gentile
religions.
Christianity and Islam are both the
responsibility of rabbis.
Negated and without purpose,
there will be among you a root,
one fruitful and productive, a para,
that which is infuriating and noxious,
poisonous and embittering.
Jews became their own worst enemy.
They became a rotten root.
They would bear spoiled fruit.
They would be infuriating and noxious,
poisonous and embittering.
That was the body in twenty nine to
eighteen.
So after Solomon, Dowd's son,
there were only a handful of prophets
willing to listen and speak for Yahowah.
And following Malachi, there were none.
From then until now,
over the span of more than two thousand
years,
almost two thousand five hundred years,
in fact, every bit of that,
there has not been anyone,
not a single Yahuwd willing to work with,
listen to, or speak.
As a result,
there simply weren't any Jews capable of
exposing and condemning the ostentatious
rhetoric of Shaul Paul.
Unchecked, his evil became so pervasive,
and this man became so enamored with the
beastly expressions of the way of the
gentiles he accepted the roman name
apollos which was eerily similar to apollo
and then in the preeminent account of his
new religion he wrote in the book named
robins that everyone should submit to this
gentile nation and obey its government as
if they were serving god
Doing so put Paul in irresolvable conflict
with Yahowah, his Torah, covenant,
and people.
That handsome bark that you heard there
that came from Asher,
who somehow fancies herself as a watchdog.
Not really.
She is a show dog.
Had Yahuwdym not negated their purpose as
Yahowah's witnesses and prophets,
Paul's New Testament would have been
laughed out of existence.
Had Yahuwdym not turned away from Yahowah
and promulgated all manner of myths,
neither Christianity nor Islam would have
taken root or spread.
And if you count...
Socialist secular humanists among
mankind's belief systems,
Jews can be found at the root of
each of their most menacing foes.
They were responsible for Marxism,
and Marxism now is a lethal enemy of
the Jewish people.
They're responsible for Islam.
The Quran is a regurgitated version of the
Talmud.
Islam is their most lethal foe.
They are responsible for Christianity,
a religion that demonized and dehumanized
them for eighteen centuries and created
the environment of the Holocaust.
Paul was trained as a rabbi,
and he wrote the first fourteen books of
the Christian New Testament.
So if this next statement weren't so sad,
it might be funny.
Since religious Jews are notorious for
saying, Shalom!
Peace be unto you!
Yahowah has them muttering what they crave
but do not have.
Haya shalom la'ane.
Peace be unto me.
then recognizing that the Orthodox and
conservative under the spell of the rabbis
have become stubbornly adversarial in
their halakha, walking in the Jewish laws,
God is calling this practice shiriuth,
adversarial, and uncooperative.
It is recalcitrance manifest in religion.
If you were
Jewish you may want to let that sink
in those who claim to speak for god
are only speaking for themselves not one
knows hashem or that he is Yahowah and
if you want to know him well
You're going to need to walk away from
the rabbis,
distancing yourself from Judaism.
And really, it is a laughable, absurd,
utterly ridiculous religion.
And it shall come to be when he
hears.
the account and record of this binding
agreement and promise,
he will actually commend himself in his
judgment saying, peace be unto me,
though I walk in the adversarial
stubbornness of my heart.
As a result,
those who are fully immersed are
destroyed,
along with those who are thirsting,
Wanting more.
The body and words.
Deuteronomy.
Twenty nine.
Nineteen.
There is no hope.
Literally none.
For the overtly religious.
The Haredi will never find the shalom they
desire.
And sadly those adorned in black suits and
black hats.
Have cast a dark shadow.
Over those who are still thirsting for
light.
For knowledge.
For truth.
But is truth.
This is not what we have long suspected,
indeed known,
but it is nevertheless exasperating to
hear it come from God.
Yahowah isn't going to forgive the
religious.
God doesn't want to forgive any of them.
He will not invite anyone into his home
who has excluded him from theirs.
Those who have blotted out every mention
of God's name will find themselves blotted
out of Yahowah's memory.
Yahowah,
which is an accurate transliteration of
the name of Elowah, God,
guided by his Torah instructions regarding
his Hayah existence and our Shalom
reconciliation between those four words.
It is exceedingly easy to determine the
proper pronunciation of Yahowah.
is not willing and will not consent to
forgiveness for him.
But instead, at that time,
Yahowah will be aggravated and displeased,
smoldering in overt hostility.
And his passion and desire will be against
that individual such that all of the
agreed upon and mutually binding promises
Erratically written in this book will come
to haunt him.
Yeah, well,
we'll blot out his name from under heaven.
The body and words should never have been
called Deuteronomy, Deuteronomy,
Deuteronomy.
God's explicit here.
If you're going to erase his name,
he will erase your name.
That will include every religious Jew
without exception.
God is not going to consent to the
lies of the Talmud or the Zohar,
of Judaism, of the Haredim.
Is not, will not, not going to change.
If you want to be overtly religious or
overtly political, goodbye.
Doesn't even matter what religion,
whether it's Judaism, Christianity,
or Islam, Hinduism, secular humanism,
doesn't matter.
God's not going to be tolerant.
He does not agree.
He is not going to yield.
He is not going to change.
And instead, at that time,
Yahowah is going to be aggravated.
He is going to remain displeased.
He's going to smolder.
He is going to be resentful and furious
regarding him.
Why?
Because for centuries,
You precluded every Jew on the planet and
Goyim from knowing him.
Your lies in the Christian New Testament
and the Talmud and in the Quran have
caused undue hardship for humanity,
leading to the deaths of hundreds of
millions and depriving billions upon
billions of their souls.
and his passion and desire will be against
that individual such that all of the
agreed upon and mutually binding promises
that are written, that are inscribed,
that are engraved in this book,
that would be the Torah, not the Talmud,
will come to haunt him,
will be laid upon him, settling upon him.
Because there's only one way to purge your
soul of religious guilt
And that is to avail yourself of what
Dowd did on Chag Matsah.
And in Judaism,
Matsah isn't even celebrated,
and Dowd is not acclaimed as the Messiah
and Son of God who fulfilled Pesach,
Matsah, and Bikuwrym in thirty-three CE.
Therefore,
Yahowah is going to blot out his name
from under Shamaym.
There is an unforgivable crime and it has
been further elucidated.
For your edification,
this comes in conjunction with Yahowah
exposing and condemning religious
behavior.
We have long suspected that those who have
removed Yahowah's name from his book will
have their names removed from the Book of
Lives.
And now you've had it affirmed.
Now, this being the case,
let's be so bold as to make a
recommendation.
Come to know and understand,
appreciate and respect,
acknowledge and acclaim Yahowah's name.
Never, ever utter Hashem, G-D, Lord,
Adonai,
and certainly not Jesus or Christ or Allah
ever again in conjunction with God.
You can use those names and titles to
condemn them as false gods,
but never associate them with the real
God.
Ever.
Should you choose not to embrace this
advice, please be aware.
And then Yahowah will disassociate him,
excluding him.
He will, Badal, he will dismiss him.
He will expel him.
He will withdraw from him.
He will banish him.
for his trouble,
for his depravity and opposition,
for his deplorable conduct,
erroneous opinions and twisted
perversions,
his miserable and disagreeable ways and
malignant corruptions.
From every association with Israel,
in accordance with all of the agreed upon
and mutually binding promises of the
covenant that were indelibly written
in the scroll of the Torah, Covenant,
Torah, Yahowah.
Torah, Covenant, Yahowah.
You'll find the Covenant's narration
explaining the five instructive terms and
beneficial conditions or benefits only in
one place, the Torah.
They're presented in Bare’syth ,
the first book of the Torah.
In the Torah,
you'll find the lone means to enable those
benefits,
which is through the Mow'ed Miqraey,
particularly Pesach, Matsah, and B'kudim.
Again, only in the Torah.
In the Torah,
you'll find instructions to be part of
God's family.
In the Torah,
you'll find that God has only one name
and that his one and only name is
Yahowah.
Moseh told you his name.
Why don't you believe him?
It's all about the Torah.
It's all about the written Torah,
that piece of trash that the rabbis call
Torah, that is the Talmud,
is incredibly errant,
absolutely counterproductive.
Those who are going to yeshivas to study
their Torah are hell-bound.
God is disgusted by them.
He has great animosity towards them.
It is only the indelibly written,
the inscribed and engraved Torah of Yahowah
that matters, full stop.
And that is where you find the binding
promises of the covenant.
And that covenant,
was established with Yisrael.
Unfortunately,
Yisrael didn't accept it in return.
Although a time is coming eight years from
now when God's people will awaken and they
will accept finally the terms and
conditions of the covenant.
They will finally answer Yahowah's
invitations to the Mow'ed Miqrah.
They will finally accept Yahowah's name.
And after long last.
they will recognize that Do David is the
son of God, the Messiah,
the former and returning king who
fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
and B'Kurim becoming their savior.
When disassociation is from Yahowah,
as was the case here in this statement,
It is indeed a badal state of affairs
for all who would suffer this fate.
They will have their souls destroyed,
squandering their potential or worse,
be sentenced to an eternity and shield.
Such are the wages of opposition to God
for those who advance twisted perversions
of his testimony.
Allah is one of the many Hebrew terms
with a light and dark side.
It is a binding promise, a solemn oath,
and a public pronouncement,
even an exchange of vows.
In this case,
Yahowah is bound to do what he has
written in his Torah.
God must do what he has promised.
Period.
End of conversation.
He is never going to change.
He is never going to welch on a
promise.
And that is particularly true regarding
the terms and conditions of the covenant.
Therefore, if we accept his stipulations,
he is bound to provide the agreed
benefits.
They are eternal life,
the cleansing of our souls of all
religious guilt,
the adoption into his family,
and exponential enrichment and
empowerment.
Lovely, huh?
So we accept his stipulations.
He delivers those benefits.
Similarly,
those who have vowed to uphold the terms
of the covenant and who have publicly
sworn to listen to God and respond
appropriately are committed to honor their
promises or suffer the mutually
acknowledged consequences.
When Yahowah told Yisrael and told us
through them that we would receive every
possible blessing if we followed his
guidance,
he irrevocably stated that misleading
others regarding his directions,
as is done in Judaism, Christianity,
and Islam,
would be disastrous and be exceedingly
unpleasant.
And that is where the dark side of
Allah comes into play.
It speaks of negative consequences or
curses for those who have not encountered
the true God,
but who lead others away from him through
their religious or political agendas.
After having observed Yahowah's Torah and
covenant,
for the past, well,
I've been doing so now for twenty-four
years.
We've come to understand these concepts as
clearly as they are presented here by
Moseh and the Dabarym words, twenty-nine.
The covenant's mutually binding promises
were indelibly written in the scroll of
the Torah.
If we want to be part of Yahowah's
family,
we find the conditions and benefits
listed.
among God's instructions.
We can accept them.
We can reject them.
We can even ignore them.
But we are not at liberty to change
them,
nor is it in our purview to alter
the consequences of acceptance or of
rejection.
Addressing everyone but speaking directly
to Yisrael,
there are three things which we must know
if we want to survive the impending storm.
We must know Yahowah's name, love it,
respect it.
We must have an appreciation and
understanding of his Torah and the
covenant as it is presented within the
Torah.
To discount them is to die.
To speak or act in opposition to any
of these things and thereby lead others
astray from life is to endure Sheowl
forever.
It's to have eternal life,
but separated from God.
And while I'm not your judge,
based upon what we have learned by
studying Yahowah's words,
if you remain deceived by religion or
government,
or if you embrace conspiracies,
your soul will be destroyed.
That is if you are misled.
But if you mislead,
if you promote your religion,
if you are active politically,
if you encourage others to believe in
conspiratorial notions,
if you serve as an influencer,
then you're going to endure eternal
incarceration in what is essentially a
black hole.
That's the penalty.
That means that there are three
destinations for human souls.
shamah ym ,
for those who accept and act upon the
terms and conditions of the covenant and
attend the Mow'ed Miqrah as they were
intended.
Nothingness, no penalty,
no reward for those who are misled
politically or religiously,
who never know Yahowah, don't know a story,
don't know his breath covenant.
And for those who are caustic to God's
instructions, who mislead,
who denounce what God has to say.
Well, for them,
there is an eternal stent and a black
hole called Sheowl .
Now,
this remarkable introduction into the
mindset of right-minded but misguided
Israelites and Goyim throughout the age
takes us to our time and to the
influence of the Nakry,
this observant foreigner and the influence
he's going to have on Yahowah's children.
It appears that it will take an outsider.
It doesn't appear,
we know this now for a fact,
that it's going to take an outsider.
a non-Yisraelite, anachron,
observant foreigner,
to get Israel's attention at long last.
And perhaps that is why those who stand
with Yisrael have been invited to
participate in the covenant.
Those who long ago introduced us to Yah
now need one of the distant beneficiaries
to point Israel in the right direction so
that they might return to Yah.
And yet when presented before an audience
that witnessed the plagues that Yahowah
deployed against Mitzrayim,
to free his people from religious and
political coercion and economic
manipulation in a military dominated
nation,
it's likely that the devastating
antisemitic consequences of mankind's most
malicious conspiracy,
which is blame the Jews,
will serve as the primary motivating
factor in getting the chosen people's
attention
Now,
this is why we should expect that Yahowah's
testimony in the Torah, Nabi wa-Mizmowr,
has been, well,
available for three thousand,
four hundred and what now,
seventy some years.
And yet in all of that time,
there wasn't a single receptive Yahuwd,
Jew,
through whom Yahowah could communicate to
his people.
Keeping in mind that the Nakry is defined
in the books we are translating as someone
who is Asher, properly guided,
whom stands up as others bow down.
I mean,
my Wookie and my wife are trying to
watch the show up close just on the
other side of the lights.
You're more than welcome to come around
and show a part.
uh-huh oh sounds like Wookie's in uh and
in trouble um hooky may have escaped he
is a he is always a flight risk
that may be why Asher was barking to
get our attention that the Wookie was on
on the loose children so we know that
the Nakry is properly guided because god
had said so we know that the Nakry
is unique in that he quwm stands up
as others bow down and
Who is Nakar observant,
closely examining and carefully
considering Yahowah's words?
Who is exploring and considering what God
has revealed in these books?
Well, he is everything and nothing.
You could say he is nothing more than
the fellow holding a lamp.
along with a magnifying glass who says,
Hannah,
pay attention to what Yahowah has to say,
or you could recognize that he was first
spoken of in the first chapter of Genesis
when God addressed the greater and lesser
luminary who were signs for the Moab,
these annual meetings to the restoring
witness of the eternal testimony.
and that the lesser luminary is reflecting
the greater luminary's light,
particularly as it pertains to these Mow'ed
Miqraey,
so that you might know God and know
his Father, Yahowah.
Sadly,
Israel has returned to captivity as
Yahuwdym are harassed and oppressed by
nations,
by religions and even their own and
conspirators are the most oppressed and
harassed persecuted people on earth.
And yet to an increasing degree,
Jews are finding God's demonstrable
opposition to the political,
religious and conspiratorial influences
comforting, even reassuring.
For the first time in a long time,
there are Jews now listening to God.
Ironically,
it's those who want to round up,
denigrate,
and imprison his people and exterminate
them who will scream so loud that they
awaken the children of Israel such that
they finally hear Yahowah and pay attention
to what he has to say to them,
including,
Come out of Babylon, my people.
It is only when Yahuwdym, Jews,
are confronted with no alternative but to
flee or be tortured and die that they
will listen to Yahowah.
That is why God is not going to
intervene until the end of the time of
Yaakov's troubles,
a time which begins on the twenty-second
of May, twenty-twenty-six,
just seven months from now.
The Nakry is therefore simply a voice,
but he is more than that because he
is the coal of Yahuwah.
He is the one calling out in the
wilderness of human corruption saying,
prepare yourself for the arrival of
Yahuwah as well as his son.
So then the last generation,
Those descendants dwelling at the end
during the latter days,
they will make a profession and a promise.
Amar,
they will choose to declare at that time,
expressing their desire in words,
answering with the intent to be informed.
Your children led along the correct path
to receive the benefits of the
relationship will rise up at long last.
They will take a stand during a time
distant from yours because Ha-Nakry,
the observant foreigner, Ha-Nakry,
the discerning individual will pay close
attention,
carefully examining
and thoughtfully considering so as to
recognize and acknowledge this he is a man
unrelated by ethnicity who will notice
come to perceive and know regard and
respect what he discovers becoming
acquainted with the individuals and
information it is from nakar to recognize
and acknowledge to know and regard that
which he discovers through exploring
observing and listening
He will come, Bow,
he will arrive to pursue this.
Guiding and directing those who wish to
return and be included.
From a far away place in a distant
time, Men Eretz Rakok.
From a country a great distance away after
a long passage of time.
So then they will see and perceive that
which is plaguing this land,
the evil disease and overall impairment,
which grieves,
necessitating this intercession to resolve
that sickness,
precluding the benefits associated with
the Yahowah.
Yes, my friends, while we speak often,
of ha-nakry,
of this title that applies to an observant
foreigner,
as it is presented in Chronicles,
in the sixth chapter of Second Chronicles.
And we have presented it on this program
probably a half a dozen times already.
God's mention of ha-nakry,
of this individual.
precedes that one by some four hundred
years, four centuries.
This is, in Dabarym words, twenty-nine,
twenty-two.
Yes, there is also a Nakry.
Not just a Nakry, a ha-nakry.
It is a title, the observant foreigner.
Presented here in the Torah.
Did you hear what God had to say?
Should we repeat it?
Is it worth refreshing your memory?
They say that if you tell people what
you're going to tell them, you tell them,
and then you tell them what you've told
them,
there's a decent chance they might
remember.
So then the last generation,
this final remnant,
those descendants dwelling at the end,
They will make a profession,
which will be a promise and vow.
Your children,
led along the correct path to receive the
benefits of the relationship,
will finally rise up and they will take
a stand.
They will find confirmation and
fulfillment,
ultimately becoming established during a
time far distant from yours because
ha-nakry,
the observant foreigner.
A discerning individual will pay close
attention,
carefully examining and thoughtfully
considering so as to recognize and
acknowledge this.
A man unrelated by ethnicity who will
notice, come to perceive, come to know,
regard and respect what he discovers.
And he will come and he will return.
He will bow.
He will be there for you twice.
And even return a third time.
Doing so from a far away place.
In a distant time.
If not now, when?
We're seven months away from the beginning
of.
The time of.
Israel's troubles.
From the fourth of seven Mow'ed Miqrah.
From the beginning of this very period
that.
The Torah is addressing.
In fact, Eth Sarah, Time of Trouble,
Volume Nine of the YadaYah series was
posted and is available not only on
YadaYah.com for free,
but also now available at Amazon for
purchase.
Go either place.
Please read it.
It will tell you all about what you're
hearing now.
Because then, during these last days,
speaking of the final remnant,
as a result of Ha-Nakry,
this observant foreigner,
they will see and perceive what has been
plaguing the land, religion, politics,
the evil disease and the overall
impairment which grieves religion and
politics,
necessitating intercession to resolve the
sickness
precluding the benefits associated with
the Yahowah.
If not now, when?
We're running out of time.
If this, if not this, ha, NACRE,
observant foreigner, who?
Who has spent the last twenty-four years
preparing for this mission?
Who has written thirty-five books
providing an amplified translation,
far more accurate and complete,
of the Torah and the Prophets other than
this Ha-Nakry?
Who has the website called yadayYahowah.com?
Who offers all of these books for your
edification,
twenty-five thousand pages of translations
and insights for free?
Who else has effectively rebuked
Islam, Christianity, and Judaism,
so that the truth might be known to
you, available to you.
Who is the one that reintroduced Yahowah's
name?
Who is the one who ascertained that the
Dowd is the returning king and savior,
who fulfilled Pesach, Matsah, and Bikuwrym,
and provided you with the date of his
return?
Who else is Dowd's beloved herald,
the very cold voice of God,
Because if you don't have a substitute,
then this would be an unfulfilled
prophecy.
And for the first time ever,
God would be turned into a liar.
I don't think that's the case.
And as a result,
there is only one individual who meets the
criterion of ha-nakry.
I didn't choose this for myself.
I am not trying to claim it for
myself.
I just recognize that there is no one
else on the planet
who fulfills what God has addressed,
and that there is one person who meets
every criterion that God has established
for this job.
And now we know why Solomon spoke.
to his people about the arrival of A nakry
during the last day,
why he did not have to explain to
them, oh, by the way,
there's this person called A Nakry.
You've never heard that term before.
He is going to be not a Israelite.
He's going to come from a different place
at a different time.
He's going to be for the last days,
and you really need to listen to him.
He didn't have to explain any of that
because it was already in the Torah.
Powerful, isn't it?
Solomon's presentation was an affirmation
of what God had already conveyed.
So this explains much of what Dowd's son
had to say about the observant foreigner
at the dedication of the home of Yahowah's
name, the original Sermon on the Mount,
which, by the way,
was delivered on Taruwah  the very day that
I was called to this mission,
the very day that I will fulfill this
mission.
Coincidence, I'm sure.
There are few distinctions more vital to
one's mission than having been
prophetically introduced by Moseh and the
Torah,
especially in conjunction with the healing
the need to intervene and heal the rift
that is estranging Yisrael from Yahowah,
to resolve this calamity that Israel has
caused by not only erasing Yahowah's name,
but denying the fact that David is the
Messiah, the Son of God,
the former and returning King and our
Savior,
and that the path to God and the
benefits of the covenant are provided by
his fulfillment of Pesach, Matsah,
and B'Kurim in thirty-three CE,
during his second of three lives.
So after having devoted twenty-four years
of my life, between ten to fourteen,
sometimes sixteen hours a day,
six to seven days a week,
a hundred thousand hours,
Yahowah reached out to me and began this
process on Taruwah  in two thousand and one.
All designed to call his people home.
And we will conclude our work together,
at least in this phase,
with the final remnant of Yisrael purging
this mortal remnant of their religious
guilt on Taruwah  in twenty thirty three.
So it is gratifying.
to read this endorsement.
It is also encouraging because it would
not have been written if I had failed
father and son in delivering an accurate
and cogent account of what they have done
to reconcile the relationship.
So this is a proud moment for all
of us working to advance Seattle,
Yahowah
and the Yahowah blog.
On behalf of Yahuwdym and Yisrael,
Yahowah and Dowd,
I thank them and I thank you.
Good night.